Add custom-scorer-tutorial (#41)
gitcoinco/passport-docs: pages/building-with-passport/tutorials/client-side-scoring.md

For example, you might have a string preference for certain Stamps that are particularly relevant to your community that you want to weight more strongly in the scoring, or perhaps you have a great idea for a completely new algorithm that you want to implement to gate your app.

This tutorial will walk you through developing a custom scorer for your app.

### Prerequisites

Before we delve into this, it's important to note that there are a few preliminary steps you need to complete. Please ensure that these prerequisites are met before proceeding with the guide.

1. You have created a Passport Scorer and received a Scorer ID
2. You have an API key

If you haven't completed the preliminary steps above please refer to our [getting access guide](../getting-access) first. Once you're done with that, return here and continue with this walkthrough.

## Creating a Scorer

### Setting up a basic app

> This tutorial will build on the [Stamp Collector app](./TBC) tutorial. You should revisit that tutorial to build the foundations upon which this tutorial will build. You will use that app as a starting point and add scoring functionality on top. Follow the instructions in that tutorial to get the app up and running.

Reviewer: Is this link correct?

Author: oops
```suggestion
This tutorial will build on the [Stamp Collector app](./working-with-stamp-metadata.md) tutorial. You should revisit that tutorial to build the foundations upon which this tutorial will build. You will use that app as a starting point and add scoring functionality on top. Follow the instructions in that tutorial to get the app up and running.
```

You can start the app now by navigating your terminal to the project root directory and running `npm run dev`. Then, navigate your browser to `localhost:3000`. You will see the app load in the browser, with buttons that enable you to connect your wallet and check your Stamps. You can go ahead and test that the `Connect Wallet` and `Show Stamps` buttons are working as expected.

The rest of the tutorial will build upon this basic app by adding functions and UI code to `app/page.tsx`.

### Stamps

The app queries the Passport APIs `registry/stamps` endpoint to retrieve all the Stamps owned by the connected user. The `getStamps()` function parses the full response and extracts the `icon`, `id`, and `stamp` data into a `Stamp` object with the following structure:

> ```json

Reviewer: I added this code block and think I screwed up the language. If you get in there to make updates based on my other comment, can you please fix this?

Author: yea it's fine, it's just highlighted because it's not valid json - just change the language descriptor to `ts`
```suggestion
```ts
```

interface Stamp {
  id: number
  stamp: string
  icon: string
}
```

This information is stored in a state variable, `stampArray`. This is all the information you need from the Passport API.

### Scorers

The Gitcoin Passport scoring algorithm is a simple sum of weights assigned to each Stamp. The weights are provided in a file on the [Gitcoin Github](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport-scorer/blob/a013ca89ca11a22c72b384da913f73274bb8fa05/api/scorer/settings/gitcoin_passport_weights.py#L3).
Each weight is a decimal number associated with a specific Stamp name. The scoring algorithm simply iterates over the Stamp names for the Stamps owned by an address, retrieves the associated weights, and adds them together. The result is the user's Passport score.

#### The Gitcoin Scorer

> You can re-implement the Gitcoin scoring algorithm easily in your app. Start by adding a file containing the Gitcoin Passport Stamp weights to your `app` directory. Copy the contents of [this file](https://github.com/jmcook1186/passport-onchain-stamps-app/blob/main/src/app/stamp-weights.ts) and paste it into a new file `app/stamp-weights.ts`.

Author: not merged.
The reason I'm linking to this file rather than the Gitcoin one is that this is reformatted as a react component that can be imported by the app.
